README.md, before:

# pinouts
Pinouts of some development boards I am using

## Intro
My work is based on @gadgetoid work you can find at [https://github.com/pinout-xyz/picopins](https://github.com/pinout-xyz/picopins)

I like the idea of having access to the pinout of the boards I am working on at the command line

I kept the same look and feel as the one in the file I started from

I currently have made pinouts for the following boards:  
- Raspberry Pi Pico (the one I started from)
![picopins](doc/picopins.jpg)
- Seeed Studio Xiao RP2040
![xiaopins](doc/xiaopins.jpg)
- Arduino UNO
![unopins](doc/unopins.jpg)
- Arduino Nano
![nanopins](doc/nanopins.jpg)
- Arduino Pro Mini
![prominipins](doc/prominipins.jpg)

## Usage
```
usage: appName [--pins] [--all] or {spi,i2c,uart,pwm}
       --pins - show physical pin numbers
       --all or {spi,i2c,uart,pwm} - pick list of interfaces to show
       --hide-gpio - hide GPIO pins
       --find "<text>" - highlight pins matching <text>

appName can be one off picopins, xiaopins, ....
text can be spi, pwm, gpio, i2c, led

eg:    appName i2c  - show GPIO and I2C labels
       appName      - basic GPIO pinout
```

## Required
rich is required to display the pinouts.  
You can install rich with
> pip3 install rich

Commit message:

Updated readme and showpins.py
Added a main in showpins.py in case it is called from the command line.
Added some explanation in readme.md

README.md, after:

# pinouts
Pinouts of some development boards I am using

## Intro
I like the idea of having access to the pinout of the boards I am working on from the command line

My work is based on @gadgetoid work that you can find at [https://github.com/pinout-xyz/picopins](https://github.com/pinout-xyz/picopins)

I kept the same look and feel as the one in the file I started from

## What I have done
Starting from @gadgetoid work I spliced the code in 2 parts extracting the common code that displays the pinouts from the one that decribes the boards. It makes it a little easier to create new boards as all the specific parts are in one place and there is no code to change when adding a new board only some data.

I currently have made pinouts for the following boards:  
- Raspberry Pi Pico (the one I started from)
![picopins](doc/picopins.jpg)
- Seeed Studio Xiao RP2040
![xiaopins](doc/xiaopins.jpg)
- Arduino UNO
![unopins](doc/unopins.jpg)
- Arduino Nano
![nanopins](doc/nanopins.jpg)
- Arduino Pro Mini
![prominipins](doc/prominipins.jpg)

## Usage
```
usage: appName [--pins] [--all] or {spi,i2c,uart,pwm}
       --pins - show physical pin numbers
       --all or {spi,i2c,uart,pwm} - pick list of interfaces to show
       --hide-gpio - hide GPIO pins
       --find "<text>" - highlight pins matching <text>

appName can be one off picopins, xiaopins, ....
text can be spi, pwm, gpio, i2c, led

eg:    appName i2c  - show GPIO and I2C labels
       appName      - basic GPIO pinout
```

## Required
rich is required to display the pinouts.  
You can install rich with
> pip3 install rich
